feat: graphQL subscriptions support (#2120)
pankod/refine: .changeset/sour-owls-learn.md

---
"@pankod/refine-core": minor
"@pankod/refine-graphql": minor
"@pankod/refine-hasura": minor
"@pankod/refine-nhost": minor
---

### `@pankod/refine-core`

-   Added extra params to `useSubscription` and `useResourceSubscription`
-   `useOne`, `useMany` and `useList` passed extra params to own subscription hook.

### `@pankod/refine-hasura`

-   Added `liveProvider`.

> To see example of how to use it, check out [`here`](https://github.com/pankod/refine/blob/next/examples/dataProvider/hasura/src/App.tsx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see an example of how to use it, check out [`here`](https://github.com/pankod/refine/blob/master/examples/dataProvider/hasura/src/App.tsx).
```

### `@pankod/refine-nhost`

-   Added `liveProvider`.

> To see example of how to use it, check out [`here`](https://github.com/pankod/refine/blob/next/examples/dataProvider/nhost/src/App.tsx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see an example of how to use it, check out [`here`](https://github.com/pankod/refine/blob/master/examples/dataProvider/nhost/src/App.tsx).
```
